1. Optional parentheses for the single parameter

```js
var num = x => {
console.log(x);
}
num(140);
```

>Output
140

2. Optional braces for single statement and the empty braces if there is not any
parameter required.

```js
var show = () => console.log("Hello World");
show();
```

> Output
Hello World

3. Arrow Function with Parameters
If you require to pass more than one parameter by using an arrow function, then you have to
pass them within the parentheses.
For example

```js
var show = (a,b,c) => {
console.log(a + " " + b + " " + c );
}
show(100,200,300);
```

> Output
100 200 300

4. Arrow function with default parameters
In ES6, the function allows the initialization of parameters with default values, if there is no
value passed to it, or it is undefined. You can see the illustration for the same in the following
code:
For example

```js
var show = (a, b=200) => {
console.log(a + " " + b);
}
show(100);
```

In the above function, the value of b is set to 200 by default. The function will always consider 200 as the value of b if no value of b is explicitly passed.

>Output
100 200

The default value of the parameter 'b' will get overwritten if the function passes its value
explicitly. You can see it in the following example:
For example

```js
var show = (a, b=200) => {
console.log(a + " " + b);
}
show(100,500);
```

>Output
100 500

5. Arrow function with Rest parameters
Rest parameters do not restrict you to pass the number of values in a function, but all the
passed values must be of the same type. We can also say that rest parameters act as the
placeholders for multiple arguments of the same type.
For declaring the rest parameter, the parameter name should be prefixed with the spread
operator that has three periods (not more than three or not less than three).
You can see the illustration for the same in the following example:

```js
var show = (a, ...args) => {
console.log(a + " " + args);
}
show(100,200,300,400,500,600,700,800);
```

> Output
100 200,300,400,500,600,700,800

6. Arrow Function without Parentheses
If you have a single parameter to pass, then the parentheses are optional.
For example

```js
var show = x => {
console.log(x);
}
show("Hello World");
```

> Output
Hello World

#### Advantages

1. It reduces the code size: When we use the syntax of arrow function, the size of the code
gets reduced. We can write less amount of code by using the arrow function.
2. Return statement and Functional braces are optional for single line functions:In ES5, we
need to define the return statement in the functions, but in ES6, we do not require to define
the return statement for single-line functions. Functional braces are also optional for the
single-line functions.
3. Lexically bind the context: Arrow function binds the context lexically or statically. The
handling of this is different in arrow functions as compared to regular functions. In the arrow
function, there is not any binding of this. In regular functions, this keyword is used to
represent the objects that called the function, which could either be a window, a button, or a
document or anything.

#### fibonnaci Number using Normal, Anonymous and Arrow Function

```js
function fib(n){
if(n == 0 || n == 1 )return n;
return(fib(n-1) + fib(n-2));
}
let fib1 = function (n){
if(n == 0 || n == 1 )return n;
return(fib(n-1) + fib(n-2));
}
let fib2 = (n) =>{
if(n == 0 || n == 1 )return n;
return(fib(n-1) + fib(n-2));
}
for(let i = 0; i < 5; i++) console.log(`fibonacci in normal: ${fib(i)}`);
for(let i = 0; i < 5; i++) console.log(`fibonacci in anonymous func: ${fib(i)}`);
for(let i = 0; i < 5; i++) console.log(`fibonacci in arrow func: ${fib(i)}`);
```

#### Finding Even Odd using Arrow Function

```js
let evenOdd = function (number){
if (number == 0) console.log(`${ number } is neither even nor odd`)
else if(number % 2) console.log(`${ number } is even`)
else console.log(`${ number } is odd`)
}
evenOdd(0);
```
